Samples: Bluetooth: Mesh: p2p DFU for nRF53DK (#15592)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Support for the :ref:`nRF54L15 PDK <ug_nrf54l15_gs>` board.
    * Support for DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy for the :ref:`nRF54L15 PDK <ug_nrf54l15_gs>` board.

>     * Support for DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy for the nRF5340DK board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Support for DFU over Bluetooth Low Energy for the :ref:`nRF5340 DK <ug_nrf5340>` board.
```
